I mean when I make these videos
obviously I was not trying to pick a
fight with Canada gin-san I was not
addressing my comments to her and I
think the audience I was trying to reach
was by and large the audience that I did
reach nevertheless here we go Canada
same rights to me
should I imitate her voice can you can
you do a candidate in San Vice oh oh we
should have rehearsed this okay oh now I
feel bad
hey thanks for the video but some
information isn't true at all
Banas yen extreme Muslim whoa wow I am
NOT any special and I am not sure why
you think I am some special white girl
at the mosque Oh as if the others are
not white I mean in Islam we have no
colors a Muslim is a Muslim and we are
all brother and sister fascinating
perspective Kenan Jensen please allow me
to offer just one example from thousands
that we could offer from the history of
Islam as a faith that actually exists in
the real world I quote Wikipedia
Mauritania slavery in Mauritania was
finally criminalized in August of 2007
so this is the tenth anniversary I'm
recording this video in 2017 just ten
years ago the 100% Muslim nation of
Mauritania we checked the demographics
the official government planes that 100
percent of Mauritania is Muslims so the
total number of Chinese immigrants there
apparently does not even you know add up
to a fragment of a percentage point
which is understandable uh and you know
2017 is also the year that Canada
Jensen's favorite country Saudi Arabia
finally gave women the right to drive a
car so you know a lot of these countries
have been making progress lately
it was already abolished in 1980 not
ancient history though it was still
affecting the descendants of black
Africans abducted into slavery who live
now in Mauritania as Blackmore's or
Horton and who partially still serve the
white Moors or bidam the name literally
means white skin people as their slaves
the number of slaves in the country was
not known exactly but it was estimated
to be up to six hundred thousand men
women and children or perhaps 20% of the
population for centuries the so called
Harriton lower-class mostly poor black
Africans living in rural areas have been
considered natural slaves by white Moors
of Arab and Berber ancestry many
descendants of the Arab and Berber
tribes today still here - these
supremacist ideology of their ancestors
ie
white supremacism as within the terms of
this language and culture you are indeed
talking about not just slavery
but race slavery not just ray slavery
but Islamic segregated race slavery this
ideology has led to oppression
discrimination and even enslavement of
other groups in the region of Sudan and
Western Sahara in certain villages in
Mauritania there are mosques for
lighters in Nobles and mosques for black
slaves who are still buried in separate
cemeteries so yes the history of race
and racism and slavery within Islam is
complex and worth studying and it may
just be a reason for you to part ways
with this religion Kennedy gin-san given
what you say in the rest of this this
email that you sent me nothing in the
Quran is flawed yes there was slaves I
am Not sure the point I mean do you not
think that American army doesn't make
slaves when they go to war again for
some of you this might be a real
learning moment if you go to Google or
Wikipedia and put in a search right now
for United States Army slavery you could
have several hours of really interesting
highly educational reading on this topic
the history of the abolition of slavery
and the role of the United States Army
in that it's worth knowing about but I
believe Canada gin-san is of the belief
that the American side of recent wars
has been supporting slavery whereas
Muslim majority countries like
Mauritania and Saudi Arabia have been
opposed to slavery and she is quite
factually wrong on this point we don't
even have to go as far as to look at the
position of Isis on slavery but you'll
find it's quite a contrast to the
history of the United States and the
United States Army I was working in
Canada as manager for electric and gas
company in Toronto you know she was
speaking she said even worse there'd be
even more crazy like English language
terror as if you were speaking
spontaneously but no not as a manager as
manager let's keep it authentic here
people I'm not gonna correct a ram or as
I go okay I worked there for over three
years also I also was not just a nobody
in Canada well I was sister let me tell
you something I know what you think you
think you weren't a nobody care that I
own up to it
I sure was I didn't have a hundred
thousand fans on YouTube when I lived in
Canada and I still know now nobody
treated my special in Japan I never felt
that which is why I was able to fit in
Japanese society so well because all my
friends just treated me like Japanese
and no difference so tell me Melissa
you've been living in China for more
than six months now would you say that
here in China you as a white person with
blue eyes and white steer and difficult
to describe hair color would you say
that you're treated the same as Chinese
people with no difference no not in any
way whatsoever not in any circumstance
ever am i treated the same as Chinese
person in China and neither is she so
you think it's easy I make it look
easier now you try this you know it's
not easy okay I'm not sure why you talk
by English I mean you don't need to go
to university univer University yeah to
understand that one can lose language
ability this is such a coals to
Newcastle situation I actually can't
list all the languages I've studied
which doesn't mean I speak them fluently
today but yeah I have learned a fair few
languages in my day candid and San and
yet I've managed to retain my I've
managed to attain my ability to
communicate in English how do you think
a man who was illiterate 1400 years ago
would know that
was not from the earth that it was sent
down from heaven we only discovered this
science in the last 50 years yeah I
think everyone the audience already
knows you're about one Google search in
15 seconds away from exploding this
claim it's of course not the case that
any great scientific great breakthrough
was made in the last 50 years about the
origin and nature of iron which is a
pretty common metal on planet Earth
this is also even a misrepresentation of
the passage in the Quran it is alluding
to what was said there and what it meant
um yes however this is an example what
she meant when she said in her video
that she feels that the Quran contains
great truths of science I'm a little
lost why you laugh at my explanation do
you think a five-year-old child will
come up with a more sophisticated way to
describe her love for a country I told
the truth
I liked the shape so look you know I can
relate in one sense but you know how
would you feel Canada jin-san if you
know you knew someone who converted to
communism because they liked the shape
of Russia or they like the shape of East
Germany these are ideologies that have a
huge body count attached to them these
are ideologies that have killed millions
of people
and are transforming people's lives
right now for the worst and I would say
the same about the Catholic Church
I mean almost all of my criticisms of
Islam applied directly to the Catholic
Church as well and you know Italy is a
real nice shape on the map it's kind of
shaped like a boot you know it's got all
the nylons but no that really wouldn't
hold any water if you like to shave
Italy in a map that's not a reason to
convert to the Catholic Church it's not
a reason to convert to Italian fascism
it's not a reason to convert to moderate
left-wing Italian democracy or anything
else that really really nothing
whatsoever for that and no the reason
why I wanted to teach kids only Japanese
is because we only spoke Japanese
now I actually only speak English so my
child will only speak English I think
unless home life changes smiley face
smiley face
a good day it's sad I mean you know
obviously I stand by everything I said
in the former video I don't feel I've
got to make Candida chants and into a
joke I think she already has a joke and
with somebody else in the Internet I'd
be able to say something like well one
day you're gonna look back at this and
laugh I don't think she ever will I
think if anything it's it's sad and
scary to think of what a what a brittle
fragile person this is and that this
could end in her suicide this could end
in her self-destruction in a dozen
different ways but you know one of the
most tragic things about religion is
that it preys on people who feel they
need something to believe in and that's
a terrible dark aspect of human nature
and you know if you need to believe that
you're a member of a religion that's
opposed to slavery well the US Army is
in favor of it at great explains you're
obviously already pretty far out of
touch with reality and sure it could end
with her becoming becoming of a real
extremist it could end with her becoming
you know running away to become a bride
of Isis or anything else - it takes a
lot of strength to live a life without
belief you know sometimes I talk to
people and they just they ask me about
what kind of strength takes to live a
life without drinking alcohol which to
me come so naturally I don't even think
of that as a challenge you know what I
mean but people have been leaning on it
if people I'm reaching out for something
there I mean it's sad but at least if
you're if you're reaching out for
alcohol as a crutch at least you're
reaching out for something that's really
there it really causes brain damage you
know I mean it really you could rip
alcohol really delivers exactly what it
promises but faith is always a mirage
faith is always a disappointment it's
always a lie it's always Hollow and
I guess I never thought I'd say it but I
guess you're better off as an honest
alcoholic then as a then as a true
believer in any faith especially Islam
badness yen I have read the Quran I
assume you haven't babe you don't listen
to a lot but yeah I did as part of you
know my education is the Didact I did
think it was important for me
historically and politically and ever
the way to sit down and and read the
Quran in English and I did it so I know
what I'm missing
I know what I'm missing out on in this
religion I've read most of the Bible
there probably a couple bits and pieces
the Bible I hadn't read you know when
you get into the list of names of who
begat who feel II can skip that bonus
Yin